Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-updateOne.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::updateOne()
================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Update a single document in a collection using `updateOne()` with various options like filters, collation, and upsert, and handle potential exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Update a single document in a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, with various options like filters, collation, and upsert, and handle potential exceptions.
```
